## Solution of Elliptic BVP by means of linear Finite Elements with mesh read from file

File: `ellbvp_msh_demo.cc`

This example shows how to solve the following boundary value problem on the unit square:

$\int_{\Omega} uv + grad(u)grad(v) dx= \int{\Omega} 1 v dx + \int{\Gamma_1} 1 v dx$

with u = 0 on $\Gamma_0$ where $\Gamma_0$ and $\Gamma_1$ make up the whole boundary and denote the parts with Dirichlet and von Neumann conditions respectively.  

The example makes use of the lf::io::GmshReader to read a mesh generated by Gmsh. The boundary parts have been tagged by 'dir' and 'neu' respectively in Gmsh. 

It proceeds to count the number of Dirchlet and von Neumann boundary edges respectively using the 'PhysicalEntityName2Nr' and 'IsPhysicalEntity' functions of lf::io::GmshReader.

Since this basic example has no coefficients we initalize zero and identity mesh functions. It uses lf::uscalfe::ReactionDiffusionElementMatrixProvider to get the element matrices for the bilinear form and lf::assemble::AssembleMatrixLocally to assemble the spares Galerkin matrix.

For the load vector lf::uscalfe::ScalarLoadElementVectorProvider and AssembleVectorLocally are used respectively.

For the contributions of the von Neumann boundaries lf::uscalfe::ScalarLoadEdgeVectorProvider is used and the Dirichlet boundaries are fixed using lf::assemble::fix_flagged_solution_components.

Once the linear system is set up it is solved using Eigens 'Eigen::SparseLU<Eigen::SparseMatrix<double>>' solver. 

Finally the energy norm is computed by sqrt(1' A 1 +  \mu M \mu) which is the same as a(\mu, \mu) for a the bilinear form in the problem and A being the stiffness, M the mass matrix. To obtain the Stiffness and Mass matrices lf::uscalfe::ReactionDiffusionElementMatrixProvider and lf::assemble::AssembleMatrixLocally are used. Either the reaction or the diffusion part can be set to 0 by replacing the identity coefficient function by the zero coefficient function.


