# LehrFEM++ demo codes for Chapter 3.2.3 of the Course "Numerical Methods for PDEs"

The codes in this folder correspond to the convergence studies performed in Section 3.2.3 of the "Numerical Methods for Partial Differential Equations" lecture notes. All the plots therein can be generated by this folders contents.

All plots generated by the Python scripts located in this folder are also saved here.


## Two-Point BVP

This example found in the file `twopointbvp.cc` performs the experiment 3.2.3.6 from the lecture nodes. The makefile target `examples.lecturedemos.convergencestudies.twopointbvp_run` can be used to generate the corresponding plots. In total, two plots are generated:
- `1DFD2pBVPerrlin.eps`: Contains the error norms with both axes scaled linearly
- `1DFD2pBVPerrlog.eps`: Contains the error norms in a log-log plot


## Linear and Quadratic Lagrangian FE

This example found in the file `linquadlagrfe.cc` performs the experiments 3.2.3.7 and 3.2.3.8 from the lecture nodes. The makefile targer `examples.lecturedemos.convergencestudies.linquadlagrfe_run` can be used to generate the corresponding plots. In total, four plots are generated:
- `Q_H1_dofs.eps`: Log-log plot of the H1 error norm for linear and quadratic lagrangian FE against the number of DOFs
- `Q_H1_meshwidth.eps`: Log-log plot of the H1 error norm for linear and quadratic lagrangian FE against the mesh width
- `Q_L2_dofs.eps`: Log-log plot of the L2 error norm for linear and quadratic lagrangian FE against the number of DOFs
- `Q_L2_meshwidth.eps`: Log-log plot of the L2 error norm for linear and quadratic lagrangian FE against the mesh width


## Convergence on L-Shaped Domain

This example found in the file `linquadfelshaped.cc` performs the experiment 3.2.3.10 from the lecture nodes. The makefile targer `examples.lecturedemos.convergencestudies.linquadfelshaped_run` can be used to generate the corresponding plots. In total, two plots are generated:
- `L_H1_dofs.eps`: Log-log plot of the H1 error norm for linear and quadratic lagrangian FE against the number of DOFs
- `L_H1_meshwidth.eps`: Log-log plot of the H1 error norm for linear and quadratic lagrangian FE against the mesh width


## p-Refinement

This example found in the file `prefinement.cc` performs the experiment 3.2.3.11 from the lecture nodes. The makefile targer `examples.lecturedemos.convergencestudies.prefinement_run` can be used to generate the corresponding plots. In total, four plots are generated:
- `LShape_degPoly.eps`: H1 and L2 error norms for the L-shaped domain plotted against the polynomial degree of the basis functions
- `LShape_N.eps`: H1 and L2 error norms for the L-shaped domain plotted against the number of DOFs
- `Square_degPoly.eps`: H1 and L2 error norms for the square domain plotted against the polynomial degree of the basis functions
- `Square_N.eps`: H1 and L2 error norms for the square domain plotted against the number of DOFs


## Asymptotic Nature of Convergence

This example found in the file `asymptotic.cc` performs the experiment 3.2.3.12 from the lecture nodes. The makefile targer `examples.lecturedemos.convergencestudies.asymptotic_run` can be used to generate the corresponding plots. A single plot is generated:
- `linfe1dosclog.eps`: Contains the maximum, L2 and H1 error norms of the problem statement.
